IBX-6626: Simplify user actions (#233)
ibexa/documentation-user: docs/permission_management/work_with_permissions.md

You can view and modify all [permissions](permission_system.md) by clicking **Roles** in the **Admin Panel**.

Click **Create** and provide a name to get an empty, unassigned Role.
Click **Save and close** to see a list of Policies that the Role has.
At the moment, there are none.
Click **Add**, select a Policy from the list and click **Save and close**.
You then may have an option to add Limitations to the Policy.
The available Limitations depend on the chosen Policy.

> You can then return to a list of Policies by clicking **Save and close** or **Discard**.

Reviewer: If it's not the scope, why its rewritten?

![Details of a Role](img/role_details.png "Details of a Role")

After you are done choosing all Policies, you can assign the Role to users.
Go to the **Assignments** tab and click **Assign to Users/Groups**.

> Here you can choose users and/or groups to be assigned to this Role, with possible additional Limitations.

Author: ```suggestion
Here you can choose users and/or groups that will be assigned to this Role, with possible additional Limitations.
```

You can view and modify all [permissions](permission_system.md) by clicking **Roles** in the **Admin Panel**.

1\. Click **Create** and provide a name to get an empty, unassigned Role.

2\. Click **Save and close** to see a list of Policies that the Role has.

3\. Click **Add**, select a Policy from the list and click **Save and close**.

You then may have an option to add Limitations to the Policy.
The available Limitations depend on the chosen Policy.
You can then return to a list of Policies by clicking **Save and close** or **Discard**.

![Details of a Role](img/role_details.png "Details of a Role")

> 4\. Assign the Role to users:
> 
> - Go to the **Assignments** tab and click **Assign to Users/Groups**.
> - Choose users and/or groups to be assigned to this Role, with possible additional Limitations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can assign the Role to users in the following way:

1\. Go to **Admin** -> **Roles** and choose of of the method:

- Select and preview existing role from the list, go to **Assignments** tab and click **Assign to Users/Groups**.

- Choose existing role from the list and click **Assign to Users/Groups** icon on the right side.

2\. Select user or group, set up Limitations if needed, and click **Save and close** to save changes and close the window or **Discard** to reject changes.
```
